in the church
good friends today I bring you a new
video then start asking for forgiveness
for all the time I've uploaded videos
because the camera was damaged with the
I was recording and this video is
like what I'm recording this video
you can see that camera with the video me
sent an application that was like
any games then in the shipment and in
this bases or root and that's all that and I
I got to explore like this and sent me a
link in which I now have the one that
I base rootear that skin root by the way
is the video section that shows them
how this works
to charge to expel from something else
friends to the east seen because you already know is
surrounded by sacks and have to start
right there in green bags and you see
green circle and how will it rootear
will have to wait this one will not have
need to start it because the
reclusorio just like that
Well, how do you like it here?
superuser is a cow air
I have put the English gary description
then in the next video I will see
if I upload how
how to record the screen with ruth then
There are few applications that catch and
where it suits us sometimes and for
defect the cell phone has a player
that are not compatible for video to
what do you record then for this good
demonstrate is an application to be able to
watch videos that have more
then upload these videos from minecraft
from this launcher that I have how can
download also an application for
speed up the other cell to
to change cap status for each
application that you get as you have
proven if you are a benefit
remember natives changing
after
well this is all the scribes and power
line and I repeat that a
application of how to root is that the
I'll leave in the link download the
video description
Well, all friends, friends and even the
next
bye